NBN-093 Clarify spf instance id (#638)
buildingSMART/IFC4.3.x-development: docs/templates/Object Attributes/Software Identity/README.md

An object needs to be identifiable for accurate processing by both human and automated processes. Identification may be through several attributes such as Identification, Name, Description or GUID. The GUID is compressed for the purpose of being exchanged within an IFC data set - the compressed GUID is referred to as "IFC-GUID". While the IFC-GUID is normally generated automatically and has to be persistent, the Identification may relate to other informal registers but should be unique within the set of objects of the same type. The Name and Description should allow any object to be identified in the context of the project or facility being modelled.

Various objects may have additional identifications that may be human-readable and/or may be structured through classification association. Various file formats may use additional identifications of instances for serialization purposes, however there is no requirement or guarantee for such identifications to remain the same between revisions or across applications.

> > EXAMPLE the IFC-SPF file format lists each instance with a positive integer that is unique within a particular file. In the code example that follows that is the number 123. Contrary to the _GlobalId_ attribute, this is *not* intended as a stable identifier accross repeated exchanges or reserializations. `#123=IFCPERSON($,$,'Alice',$,$,$,$,$);`

Reviewer: maybe better: 

EXAMPLE The ISO 10303-11 Clear text encoding (refered to as STEP physical file SPF format) ....

> > EXAMPLE the IFC-SPF file format lists each instance with a positive integer that is unique within a particular file. In the code example that follows that is the number 123. Contrary to the _GlobalId_ attribute, this is *not* intended as a stable identifier accross repeated exchanges or reserializations. `#123=IFCPERSON($,$,'Alice',$,$,$,$,$);`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> EXAMPLE The ISO 10303-11 Clear text encoding (refered to as STEP physical file SPF format) lists each instance with a positive integer that is unique within a particular file. In the code example that follows that is the number 123. Contrary to the _GlobalId_ attribute, this is *not* intended as a stable identifier accross repeated exchanges or reserializations. `#123=IFCPERSON($,$,'Alice',$,$,$,$,$);`
```

Various objects may have additional identifications that may be human-readable and/or may be structured through classification association. Various file formats may use additional identifications of instances for serialization purposes, however there is no requirement or guarantee for such identifications to remain the same between revisions or across applications.

> > EXAMPLE The ISO 10303-11 Clear text encoding (refered to as STEP physical file SPF format) lists each instance with a positive integer that is unique within a particular file. In the code example that follows that is the number 123. Contrary to the _GlobalId_ attribute, this is *not* intended as a stable identifier accross repeated exchanges or reserializations. `#123=IFCPERSON($,$,'Alice',$,$,$,$,$);`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> EXAMPLE The ISO 10303-11 Clear text encoding (referred to as STEP physical file SPF format) lists each instance with a positive integer that is unique within a particular file. In the code example that follows that is the number 123. Contrary to the _GlobalId_ attribute, this is *not* intended as a stable identifier across repeated exchanges or reserializations. `#123=IFCPERSON($,$,'Alice',$,$,$,$,$);`
```
